So when we look at our page we saw that message form is not defined.
Well we use make that component.
So we're going to import message form from last containers slash message for
and this message forum is going to need to be a container because we're going to need to know some information
from the state.
Specifically any error messages.
So let's make sure we get back from containers.
Slash Messers containers slashed message for now we don't have this yet so let's go make a new file.
We'll call that message form dodginess.
And inside of our message form we're going to need to do a couple of things.
We're going to import react and the structural component from react.
We're then going to import connect from Riyadh redux.
So the glue between reactant redux and we're going to need some kind of action creator that's going
to be run when this one gets submitted.
So we're going to go back to our messages actions.
And right now we only have the ability to get or fetch messages was going to an action creator to create
messages.
We'll call that post new message.
It's going to take in some kind of text and it's going to be a thug.
So once again we're going to dispatch and we're also going be able to get the redux the as the second
parameter.
So you'll see in a second why we want to do that but we're going to want to get the current user's ID
so a variable or with the structure current user from GETS THE This will give us the redux the specifically
the current user.
And then we'll make a variable called ID which is the result of current user user data ID.
So we need this ID because when we make our call we're going to make a post request to slash API slash
users slash the correct user ID.
And that's where we're going to get it from our redux the flash messages and we'll pass in that text
an object with a key and value of text.
No one has done all of our function What's the response.
Here we'll just return an object make sure we have our syntax correctly.
And that looks better.
And if this fails.
Well the catch with some kind of error.
And we'll send our function to dispatch that error message.
Let's also make sure that we import an error that looks good.
So when we post we're really going to return an object and that doesn't matter too much.
So what happens when we actually post any message.
Well we're going to make a request to our API.
We're going to add that message to the database.
We're going to reload the message list and then load messages is going to run again and it's going to
get the newest message.
So we think about our producer we don't really need to worry about adding a new message because messages
is going to do that for us.
We'll see what that looks like when we finish building our message for.
So instead of the form I'm going to import that post-New message function that we need.
And that's from Dr. I-Slash store slash actions slash messages.
And this is going to be a component.
So we're going to extend component LME constructor with crop's we'll call super on prop's and here on
a little bit a default state for a message.
So we're just going to write a little bit of next year.
And we want to control that input.
So we'll start with some defaults.
We also want to make sure that we have a function to handle that new message.
So this is what's going to be run on the pharmacy minute or get access the event object and inside of
here we'll start by preventing the default and then we'll come back to this in a little bit.
Let's first build the GSX for that form.
So if it's a container we want to make sure that we match the two props and pass in some kind of state
if we need it which in this case we do want the state which is going to be for any errors and it's in
the current state of hers.
So are there any errors here we'll be able to display that information easily to the user.
What else do we need to make sure that we export the default of connect with map stage props as well
as post-New message on map dispatch to props and rub all that together and then invoke our message form
component.
So some GSX inside of our render.
So instead of render we're going to return and Bloodstar with a foreign
So inside of our form we want to make sure that the action doesn't matter too much.
All we really want is an on submit handler that will run this that handle new message
inside of this form.
We're going to want to say if there is any error then what's good display.
That specific error message and we can do that inside of a div.
Make sure we get the syntax correct and we'll get this div a class name of a word color danger.
Pretty standard bootstrap style and here and here will specify whatever props Dom errors is.
Also make sure that class name is spelled correctly and that looks a little bit better.
If we don't have any errors let's just go make an input that have a text.
We'll give that a class name form controls so we get that full with will give that a value message.
You want to show that back in the case of any errors somebody from our state as well that will be just
outstate that message.
Let's also add a quick onchange so we can control this component.
I want a function that just calls the source state with a message and our target de-value we're being
a little bit lazy here because we only have one single component.
But if we had more than one input here we'd ideally like to have a more generic handle change function.
So instead of this button we'll get the same type of submit.
Also get this a class name.
Is that a little bit of bootstrap tilings all get this class name between NPD and success and let's
give this a pull right.
Which I believe will float to the right but that might just be bootstrap 3.
So we'll see in a second if that's correct.
And inside of this button we'll just add the text and my message.
Let's go to each of us and head over to the browser and it looks like with authors does not contain
an export with off.
So it looks like we might accidentally not be importing this correctly.
So instead of a mangy ass looks like we're destructuring this when we shouldn't.
And what's going to see this.
And let's go to first page message.
Same exact hair that we had before.
Looks like we just made the same exact mistake.
So we don't want to disrupt your license or the default export.
Now we're getting it can't resolve store actions message.
So it looks like message form is looking for store actions and that should be messages not message.
So maybe you spot that one.
If so.
Awesome.
So it's good on the message right here.
And we only give too much.
So how come we're not getting anything particularly in the console.
We're seeing a whole bunch of errors.
So object is not a valid as a reac child.
So this usually happens when you accidently render something that's an object or an array.
So we really just want to point out the message here and not just the entire errors object.
So let's see that.
And that looks better.
So let's add a message of this is so fun.
And the other message.
Nothing happens and that's because we need to make sure and actually finish off building our hands on
the message function.
So here we'll call this not Propst that post-New message will pass in this that state the message whatever
the user typed in in that form.
So these are post-New message function to make an API call to go right to the database with that new
message.
So let's make sure after we posted your message we redirect back we want to make sure that we said this
the other message to be an empty string.
And finally let's use the react rather.
Let's go back to the ragout with that message time line.
So we'll add a new message saying This is awesome.
And there it is.
That looks good.
Let's add another message.
You can say how to.
Now it looks like we're successfully adding a message me to fix up this dialing a little bit but we're
just playing these the ways that we want in the next election.
We'll talk about deleting some of these messages and then we'll get to silence even more.